Rework the template mod (#2)
QuiltMC/quilt-example-mod: README.md

# Quilt Example Mod

> The official Quilt example mod. You can use it as a template for you own mods!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official Quilt example mod. You can use it as a template for your own mods!
```

## Usage

In order to use this mod as a template:

1. Create a new repository from this template with `Use this Template`
2. Clone the recently-created repo on your PC
3. Make the necessary changes in order to make it yours:
    - Update `gradle.properties` in order to use your Maven group and mod ID

>         - If you don't know which Maven group to use, and you are planning to host the mod's source code on GitHub, use `com.github.<Your_Username_Here>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If you don't know which Maven group to use, and you are planning to host the mod's source code on GitHub, use `io.github.<Your_Username_Here>`
```

Author: Oh right, I mixed up which one is good and which one is bad

    - Update `quilt.mod.json` in order to reflect your mod's metadata

>         - If you are planning to include a mod, don't forget to declare its dependency on it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If you are planning to include (jar-in-jar) a mod, don't forget to declare its dependency on it!
```

        - The icon provided here is a placeholder one. If you aren't able to replace it yet, you can delete it and remove the "icon" property
    - Create a LICENSE file for this mod! If you don't know which license to use, check out [here](https://choosealicense.com/).

>         - If you use `LICENSE.md`, don't forget to update the buildscript in order to use that file name!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If you use `LICENSE.md`, don't forget to update the buildscript in order to use that file name!
        - The GPLv3 and AGPLv3 are not valid mod licenses, so you can use almost any license except for those.
```

This is the bane of my existence as a modrinth moderator

# Quilt Example Mod

The official Quilt example mod. You can use it as a template for your own mods!

## Usage

In order to use this mod as a template:

> 1. Create a new repository from this template with `Use this Template`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new repository from this template with `Use this template`
```

# Quilt Example Mod

The official Quilt example mod. You can use it as a template for your own mods!

## Usage

In order to use this mod as a template:

1. Create a new repository from this template with `Use this template`
2. Clone the recently-created repo on your PC
3. Make the necessary changes in order to make it yours:
    - Update `gradle.properties` in order to use your Maven group and mod ID
        - If you don't know which Maven group to use, and you are planning to host the mod's source code on GitHub, use `io.github.<Your_Username_Here>`
    - Update `quilt.mod.json` in order to reflect your mod's metadata
        - If you are planning to include (jar-in-jar) a mod, don't forget to declare its dependency on it!
        - The icon provided here is a placeholder one. If you aren't able to replace it yet, you can delete it and remove the "icon" property
    - Create a LICENSE file for this mod! If you don't know which license to use, check out [here](https://choosealicense.com/).
        - If you use `LICENSE.md`, don't forget to update the buildscript in order to use that file name!

>         - On `quilt.mod.json`, don't forget to put in `"metadata"` a `"license"` property that contains the license's [SPDX identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - In `quilt.mod.json`, don't forget to put the license's [SPDX identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/) under the `"license"` property in `"metadata"`.
```

Reviewer: Wait, why did I review this when it was already merged
